
includeFile = ../Parameters/SimulationParameters.txt

##################################################### Create Cylinder AirIonChamber ####################################################

b:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/IsParallel = "True"

s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/Parent            = "WaterPhantom"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/Type              = "TsCylinder"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/Material          = "G4_Al"

d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/RMax             = 0.8 mm
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/TransZ           = 18.2 cm # max dose a 7.5MeV
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/HL               = 3.5 mm
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/RotX             = 90.0 deg
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/Color            = "Grey"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Electrode/DrawingStyle     = "Solid"

b:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/IsParallel = "True"

s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/Parent            = "WaterPhantom"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/Type              = "TsCylinder"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/Material          = "Graphite"

d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/RMax             = 6.0 mm
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/RMin             = 4.77 mm
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/TransZ           = 18.2 cm
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/HL               = 3.5 mm
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/RotX             = 90.0 deg
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/Color            = "Yellow"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Wall/DrawingStyle     = "Solid"

b:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/IsParallel = "True"

s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/Parent         = "WaterPhantom"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/Type           = "TsCylinder"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/Material       = "Air"

d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/TransZ         = 18.2 cm
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/RMax           = 4.75 mm
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/RotX           = 90.0 deg
d:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/HL             = 3.5 mm
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/Color          = "Green"
s:Ge/CylAirIonChamber/Active/DrawingStyle   = "Solid"